ESL PR separate into subsys and sample (#12012)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/esl.rst

.. _esl_service_readme:

Electronic Shelf Label Service (ESLS)
#####################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Electronic Shelf Label Service allows electronic shelf labels (ESL) to be controlled and updated using Bluetooth® wireless technology.

The ESL Service is used in the :ref:`peripheral_esl` sample.

Service UUID
************

The 128-bit vendor-specific service UUID is ``0x1857``.

Characteristics
***************

This service has 9 characteristics.

ESL Address Characteristic (``0x2BF6``)
============================================================

Write

>    Write data to the ESL Address Characteristic to configure unique address to ESL device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Write data to the ESL Address Characteristic to configure a unique address to ESL device.
```

AP Sync Key Material Characteristic (``0x2BF7``)
============================================================

Write
   The AP Sync Key Material is configured when an AP, acting as a Client, writes its AP Sync Key Material value to the AP Sync Key Material characteristic.

ESL Response Key Material Characteristic (``0x2BF8``)
============================================================

Write
   The ESL Response Key Material is configured when an AP, acting as a Client, writes a value to the ESL Response Key Material characteristic.

ESL Current Absolute Time Characteristic (``0x2BF9``)
============================================================

Write
   When a value is written to the ESL Current Absolute Time characteristic, the Server shall set its current system time to the value.

ESL Display Information Characteristic (``0x2BFA``)
============================================================

Read

>    The ESL Display Information characteristic shall return an array of one or more Display Data Structures when read by a Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ESL Display Information characteristic returns an array of one or more Display Data Structures when read by a client.
```

ESL Image Information Characteristic (``0x2BFB``)
============================================================

Read

>    When read, the ESL Image Information characteristic shall return the Max_Image_Index value equal to the numerically highest Image_Index value supported by the ESL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When read, the ESL Image Information characteristic returns the Max_Image_Index value equal to the numerically highest Image_Index value supported by the ESL.
```

ESL Sensor Information Characteristic (``0x2BFC``)
============================================================

Read

>    The ESL Sensor Information characteristic shall return an array of one or more Sensor Information Structures when read by a Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ESL Sensor Information characteristic returns an array of one or more Sensor Information Structures when read by a client.
```

ESL LED Information Characteristic (``0x2BFD``)
============================================================

Read

>    The ESL LED Information characteristic shall return an array of one or more octets when read by a Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ESL LED Information characteristic returns an array of one or more octets when read by a client.
```

ESL Control Point Characteristic (``0x2BFE``)
============================================================

Write Without Response, Write, Notify

>    The ESL Control Point characteristic allows a Client to write commands to an ESL while in a connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ESL Control Point characteristic allows a client to write commands to an ESL while connected.
```
